lock bumping a surprisingly simple
method of breaking through locked doors
and padlocks is undoubtedly the newest
emerging threat to personal property
security and the majority of locks in
use today are particularly vulnerable to
bumping bump keys are not only offered
for sale virtually anyone can make one
in less than five minutes at a typical
door lock such as this five pin cylinder
the gap between the pins across the
shear line and the slight torque being
applied to the key causes the cylinder
to rotate and open the lock let's look
at the action now in slow motion the key
impacts the pins pushing them suddenly
upward the pens reach their apex and the
energy catapults the lower pins downward
opening a separation between the pins as
the separation crosses the shear line
the torque being applied to the key
allows the cylinder to turn opening the
lock a padlock cylinder which usually
has fewer pins can be bumped in exactly
the same way as a real leader in
security hardware master lock has
stepped forward to create a
revolutionary new lot that has proven to
be four times more bump resistant than
the toughest proposed industry standard
for bump resistance and it's also
capable of detecting bump attempts the
main component of the new bump stop
technology is an innovative new top pin
design the pin has a reverse taper on
its in with its oversized tumblr
diameter the pin is prevented from fully
entering the plot in this sequence
showing master locks new door hardware
bump stop cylinder note that the new pin
isn't moved in the bum process now let's
take a look at it in slow motion
the key impacts the pins pushing them
suddenly upward in the bump stop chamber
the lower pen still moves upward and
contacts the reverse tapered upper Pitt
but it doesn't have enough energy to
move it above the shear line since the
new pin never clears the shear line the
cylinder cannot be turned and the door
knock cannot be opened the new master
lock bump stop pad lock cylinder works
in exactly the same way since the new
pin never clears the shear line the
cylinder cannot be turned and the
padlock cannot be open from padlocks to
door hardware master locks
patent-pending bump stop technology will
be available in all master lock pin
tumbler products master lock offers a
complete line of bump stop door hardware
including deadbolts residential keyed
entry commercial levers knobs and
deadbolts and our exclusive Night Watch
deadbolts all are available in a wide
array of popular finishes at a fraction
of the cost of other bump resistant
alternatives master lock will be your
first line of defense against bumping in
padlocks with a wide range of padlocks
available with bump stop whether it's a
trailer on a remote job site location or
your backyard shed you'll have the peace
of mind that comes with knowing you're
protected by bump stop padlocks are not
going to be as easily pop as well as out
a lot better out there I was talking to
some of the other locks in this and
they're saying we were going to walk
away you're feeling a little defeated
today because we're used to walking up
to any lock out there and you know boom
boom we're in the solution a master lock
is bound for keep bumping is not only a
very elegant piece of engineering but
very well done that it could be
retrofitted into the current product
thanks to master locks remarkable
breakthrough in cylinder design you can
be confident that when it comes to
bumping
the bump stops here available
exclusively in master lock and American
lock products
you